Algorithm 1:
1. Pick up the deck of cards, and split the deck down the middle.
2. With one half of the deck in each hand place them firmly against a table, so each deck bends upwards in your hand.
3. Flick the deck downward so that they lay flat onto the table, one after another.
4. Repeat steps 1-3 two more times.


Algorithm 2:
1. Search each for from left to right until you find a letter maching the first letter in the word, once found proceed to step 2.
2. Once found, if there is a letter above it check to see if that letter is the next letter in the word. If it's not the next letter in the word then continue to step three.
	2a. If it is the next letter in the word, check the letter above that, if it's the next one in the word, continue up until the entire word has been found, or you run into a letter not into the word.
	2b. If you run into a letter not in the word, continue to step 3.
3. From the first found letter, check the letter to the left. If it's not the next letter in the word, then continue to step 4.
	3a. Follow steps 2a-2b for this direction.
4. Check the letter to the top-left of the originally found letter. If it's not the next in the word, continue to step 5.
	4a. Follow steps 2a-2b for this direction.
5. Check the letter to the top-right of the originally found letter. If it's not the next in the word, continue to step 6.
	5a. Follow steps 2a-2b for this direction.
6. Check the letter to the right of the original letter. If it's not next in the word, proceed to step 7.
	6a. Follow steps 2a-2b for this direction
7. Check the letter to the bottom right. If it's not next in the word then go to step 8
	7a. Follow steps 2a-2b for this direction.
8. Check the letter to the bottom; if it's not the next in the word go to step 9
	8a. Follow steps 2a-2b for this direction.
9. Check the letter to the bottom-left; if it's not the next in the word go to step 10
	9a. Follow steps 2a-2b for this direction.
10. Continue scanning each row on the board from left to right, once you find the first letter in the word, go back up to step 2.


Algorithm 3:
1. Subtract the numbers on the very right of each number (d and z).
	1a. If d is not larger than z, then subtract one from the value in c, and add ten to d.
2. Subtract y from c.
	2a. If c is not larger than y, then subtract one from the value in b, and add ten to c.
3. Subtract x from b.
	3a. If b is not larger than x, then subtract one from a, and add ten to b.
4. Subtract w from a.
